feat(styles): add the radio/checkbox card component (#1607)
swisspost/design-system: packages/documentation-v7/src/stories/components/choice-card/radiobutton-card.docs.mdx

import { Meta, Canvas, Controls } from '@storybook/blocks';
import * as RadiobuttonCardStories from './radiobutton-card.stories';

<Meta of={RadiobuttonCardStories} />

# Radio button card

<div className="lead">

>   A larger, more consumer oriented, touch friendly variant of the checkbox used for e.g. selecting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A larger, more consumer oriented, touch friendly variant of the radio-button used for e.g. selecting
```

  services.
</div>

<Canvas of={RadiobuttonCardStories.Default} />
<div className="hide-col-default">
  <Controls of={RadiobuttonCardStories.Default} />
</div>

## Grouping

Radiobutton cards can be grouped together. Use a `fieldset`/`legend` combination to label the group. If there is an error, link the legend with the error message through the `aria-describedby` attribute on the `legend`, pointing to the `id` of the error message.

<Canvas of={RadiobuttonCardStories.Group} />

## SCSS Imports

To import all styles from the design-system-styles package:

> ```css dark

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```scss
```
